Basic Documentation and workflow for publishing (#84)
nucypher/nucypher-ts: website/docs/Threshold Decryption.md

## Creating Threshold Decryption objects

`nucypher-ts` provides a simple builder function, `generateTDecEntities`.
This function takes several parameter that define the the policy, and returns objects for encrypting/decrypting data, and storing the policy configuration for later use.

We must pass in the `threshold` and `shares` as defined above.
We must also include:
- `provider` - lets us interface with the ETH blockchain for validating the user and making rpc requests
- `label` - to reference this configuration
- `startDate` - when is the policy valid from
- `endDate` - when is the policy valid until
- `porterUri` - a connection to [Porter](Glossary.md#porter)

There is an optional parameter, `aliceSecretKey`.
If this is provided, the resulting `encrypter` is constructed from the secret key provided, rather than one being created at runtime.

```js
import detectEthereumProvider from '@metamask/detect-provider';
import generateTDecEntities from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts'

const provider = await detectEthereumProvider();
const [encrypter, decrypter, policy, configuration] =

>   await generateTDecEntities(
>     3, // threshold
>     5, // shares
>     provider, // eth provider, here we use metamask
>     'example', // label your configuration
>     new Date(), // start date
>     new Date(Date.now() + 1000 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 30), // end date (in 30 days)
>     'https://porter-ibex.nucypher.community'

Reviewer: Maybe we could use named variables instead of comments?

```suggestion
const threshold = 3;
const shares = 5;
const label = 'example';
const startDate = new Date();
const endDate = new Date(Date.now() + 1000 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 30); // 30 days
const porterUrl =  'https://porter-ibex.nucypher.community';

  await generateTDecEntities(
    threshold,
    shares,
    provider,
    label,
    startDate,
    endDate,
    porterUrl
```

  );
```

> ## Rebuilding Threshold Decryption objects from configuration json

Reviewer: I think we could mention here that this could be used for persistence.

---
slug: Threshold Decryption.md
sidebar_position: 16
---

> Decentralized threshold cryptography involves splitting a key into many parts (shares) and distributing those among authorized network members.
> A certain number (threshold) of members who have the corresponding parts of the keys will be needed in order to reconstruct the original secret.
> We refer to the threshold and shares as `m` and `n` and the overall configuration as `m-of-n`
> Ie. in a `3-of-5` scheme 3 out of the original 5 decentralized members are required to reconstruct the secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Threshold Decryption (TDec) is a programmable access control service, in which decryption rights are typically based on the verified fulfillment of predefined conditions. Access conditions can be EVM-based (e.g. does the designated recipient own this NFT), RPC-driven (e.g. did the designated recipient commence active mining before this block) or time-based (e.g. has a preset period of time elapsed, after which the recipient's requests will be ignored). These conditions are also composable and can be combined in any logical sequence or decision tree.  

TDec involves splitting the secret (a decryption key) into multiples shares and distributing those among authorized and collateralized node operators (stakers in the Threshold network). A minimum number – a threshold – of those operators holding the key shares must be online and actively participate in order to reconstruct the original secret.

We refer to the _threshold_ and _shares_ as `m` and `n` and the overall configuration as `m-of-n`. Ie. in a `3-of-5` scheme, 3 out of 5 node operators are required to reconstruct the secret.
```

## Creating Threshold Decryption objects

> `nucypher-ts` provides a simple builder function, `generateTDecEntities`.
> This function takes several parameter that define the the policy, and returns objects for encrypting/decrypting data, and storing the policy configuration for later use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nucypher-ts` provides a simple builder function, `generateTDecEntities`. This function takes several parameters that define the the policy (e.g. `m` and `n`), returns objects for encrypting/decrypting data, and stores the configuration for later use.
```

> We must pass in the `threshold` and `shares` as defined above.
> We must also include:
> - `provider` - lets us interface with the ETH blockchain for validating the user and making rpc requests
> - `label` - to reference this configuration
> - `startDate` - when is the policy valid from
> - `endDate` - when is the policy valid until
> - `porterUri` - a connection to [Porter](Glossary.md#porter)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Besides passing in `m` (threshold) and `n` (shares) as defined above, we must also specify the following: 
- `provider` - to interface with the ETH blockchain (validating the user and making RPC requests) 
- `label` - a reference for this particular configuration
- `startDate` - when access commences, on fulfillment of other conditions
- `endDate` - when access ceases
- `porterUri` - a connection to the [Porter](Glossary.md#porter) service
```

> There is an optional parameter, `aliceSecretKey`.
> If this is provided, the resulting `encrypter` is constructed from the secret key provided, rather than one being created at runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a Bring-Your-Own-Key setup is desired/required, the optional parameter `aliceSecretKey` can added as an additional builder function argument. In this case the resulting `encrypter` is constructed from the provided secret key, rather than being generated at runtime. 
```

```js
import detectEthereumProvider from '@metamask/detect-provider';
import generateTDecEntities from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts'

const provider = await detectEthereumProvider();
const [encrypter, decrypter, policy, configuration] =
const threshold = 3;
const shares = 5;
const label = 'example';
const startDate = new Date();
const endDate = new Date(Date.now() + 1000 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 30); // 30 days
const porterUrl =  'https://porter-ibex.nucypher.community';

  await generateTDecEntities(
    threshold,
    shares,
    provider,
    label,
    startDate,
    endDate,
    porterUrl
  );
```

## Rebuilding Threshold Decryption objects from configuration json

> The `configuration` variable returned by `generateTDecEntities` is just a json object containing everything required to reconstruct the `encrypter` and `decrypter`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `configuration` variable returned by `generateTDecEntities` is a JSON object containing everything required to reconstruct the `encrypter` and `decrypter`. This can be stored wherever is convenient, and can be used by adopting applications for greater persistence and redundancy.  
```

```js
>>> console.log(configuration)
{
  policyEncryptingKey: PublicKey { ptr: 1159608 },
  encryptedTreasureMap: EncryptedTreasureMap { ptr: 2226584 },
  aliceVerifyingKey: PublicKey { ptr: 1158936 },
  bobSecretKey: SecretKey { ptr: 1178820 }
}
```

We can rebuild them using `TDecEntitiesFromConfig`:
```js
const [newEncrypter, newDecrypter] = await TDecEntitiesFromConfig(
  configuration,
  'https://porter-ibex.nucypher.community'
);
```

> This allows us to create our encrypting/decrypting objects and store the configuration for use at a later time or in a different application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows us to create our encrypting/decrypting objects and store the configuration for use at a later time, in a different application, or with a new/returning end-user.
```

---
slug: Threshold Decryption.md
sidebar_position: 16
---

Threshold Decryption (TDec) is a programmable access control service, in which decryption rights are typically based on the verified fulfillment of predefined conditions. Access conditions can be EVM-based (e.g. does the designated recipient own this NFT), RPC-driven (e.g. did the designated recipient commence active mining before this block) or time-based (e.g. has a preset period of time elapsed, after which the recipient's requests will be ignored). These conditions are also composable and can be combined in any logical sequence or decision tree.  

> TDec involves splitting the secret (a decryption key) into multiples shares and distributing those among authorized and collateralized node operators (stakers in the Threshold network). A minimum number – a threshold – of those operators holding the key shares must be online and actively participate in order to reconstruct the original secret.

Reviewer 3: Maybe not "reconstruct the original secret", but rather each perform partial decryptions that can be combined by the requester to reconstruct the original plaintext data.

The original secret (a decryption key) is never reconstituted.

---
slug: Threshold Decryption.md
sidebar_position: 16
---

Threshold Decryption (TDec) is a programmable access control service, in which decryption rights are typically based on the verified fulfillment of predefined conditions.
Access conditions can be EVM-based (e.g. does the designated recipient own this NFT), RPC-driven (e.g. did the designated recipient commence active mining before this block) or time-based (e.g. has a preset period of time elapsed, after which the recipient's requests will be ignored).
These conditions are also composable and can be combined in any logical sequence or decision tree.  

TDec involves splitting the secret (a decryption key) into multiples shares and distributing those among authorized and collateralized node operators (stakers in the Threshold network).
A minimum number – a threshold – of those operators holding the key shares must be online and actively participate in partial decryptions that can subsequently be combined by the requester to reconstruct the original plaintext data.

We refer to the _threshold_ and _shares_ as `m` and `n` and the overall configuration as `m-of-n`.

> Ie. in a `3-of-5` scheme, 3 out of 5 node operators are required to reconstruct the original plaintext data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I.e. in a `3-of-5` scheme, 3 out of 5 node operators are required to reconstruct the original plaintext data.
```

## Creating Threshold Decryption objects

`nucypher-ts` provides a simple builder function, `generateTDecEntities`.
This function takes several parameters that define the the policy (e.g. `m` and `n`), returns objects for encrypting/decrypting data, and stores the configuration for later use.

> Besides passing in `m` (threshold) and `n` (shares) as defined above, we must also specify the following: 

Reviewer 3: There was some conversation on the python side of using `threshold` instead of `m`, and `shares` instead of `n`. Something to think about for the language in general and for the SDK.

sidebar_position: 16
---

Threshold Decryption (TDec) is a programmable access control service, in which decryption rights are typically based on the verified fulfillment of predefined conditions. Access conditions can be EVM-based (e.g. does the designated recipient own this NFT), RPC-driven (e.g. did the designated recipient commence active mining before this block) or time-based (e.g. has a preset period of time elapsed, after which the recipient's requests will be ignored). These conditions are also composable and can be combined in any logical sequence or decision tree.  

TDec involves splitting the secret (a decryption key) into multiples shares and distributing those among authorized and collateralized node operators (stakers in the Threshold network). A minimum number – a threshold – of those operators holding the key shares must be online and actively participate in order to reconstruct the original secret.

> We refer to the _threshold_ and _shares_ as `m` and `n` and the overall configuration as `m-of-n`. Ie. in a `3-of-5` scheme, 3 out of 5 node operators are required to reconstruct the secret.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We refer to the _threshold_ and _shares_ as `m` and `n` and the overall configuration as `m-of-n`. I.e. in a `3-of-5` scheme, 3 out of 5 node operators are required to reconstruct the secret.
```

Reviewer 3: Also, same comment here as above about reconstructing the secret, when the "secret" is defined as the "decryption key".
